hello everybody here the priest part
pegorim dot net and another recording this
video to take out a question I had
particularly and I can with
research find out that's where they bought
to undermine the Japanese are I
I am particularly in love with
oriental culture then the super league
Japanese lamps and now
I set up in the studio and I bought some
Fixtures to put there I will do
this video it is important that you say it
already initially that it is not a video
sponsored was not paid to speak of
Your store is nothing but what I bought
I was very pleased with the delivery
that they delivered in two days and I
I bought a day before yesterday and they
already sent the screening and today it has arrived
So I found it very fast and I'm going to open it.
with you to show is that this store
that is trustworthy tap has arrived all
This shop is right there for you.
you see streak 81 point with br
I did not find out I did not buy from the store.
I discovered them by the free market
so if you're looking for the
lamps
There's a hint to you, I'm going to come.
here with you the box that we see is
together as you see yourself here is a
Personalized box this I think super
cool when the store has this
Care to personalize everything even more
by the free market that we who
generally the people in the world so
custom
and I 'm discovering here for us
check together
now it was my view, this is how osmar do
event
I bought two blue and two color
of light pink rose they have there where
everything will be better to see the tonality
it's in this hue here everything
straight is that so averse receipt
Okay, I want to end this video.
so speaking that the store is approved
ah if you want to check out a post with
various ideas of decoration with
Japanese lamps I'll leave the link
here on the screen for you only you click that
It's already going to go there on the blog I put together.
a post only with decoration tips like
Japanese lamps I hope you
like it then there is the tip where
buy japanese luminaires i hope
have enjoyed
I hope you blog there too if you
I liked it, it was useful
information for you press here
Underneath it will be very good for me
It is always support our work
Who works with youtube videos?
received a enjoy receiving feedback is
Of course if you do not like it you can
I did not like it too, I did not like it
know there I 'm wrong or right
there with the videos and in case you want
stay connected in the news of the channel
to subscribe here below or to 15
right here in the video where it is written
pat you clicking you already subscribe to
also to stay on
in the news
I hope the blog stays with God and until the
next video